Add Promscale with Timescale cloud docs (#1658)
timescale/docs: _partials/_cloud-create-service-promscale.md

> A service in Timescale Cloud is a cloud instance which contains your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service in Timescale Cloud is a cloud instance that contains your database.
```

Each service contains a single database, named `tsdb`.

<procedure>

### Creating your first service

1.  Sign in to the [Timescale Cloud portal][timescale-cloud]
1.  Click `Create service`.

> 1.  Click  `Advanced configuration` and set the `Region`, `Compute`and `Disk size`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click  `Advanced configuration` and set the `Region`, `Compute`, and `Disk size`
```

    for the service.
    To store your observability data it is recommended that you allocate

>     a minimum of 4 CPU, 16 GB of Memory and 50 GB of disk that is equivalent to
>     840 GB of uncompressed data. You can scale up this configuration later when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    at least 4&nbsp;CPU, 16&nbsp;GB of memory, and 50&nbsp;GB of disk equivalent to
    840&nbsp;GB of uncompressed data. You can scale up this configuration later if
```

    your data ingestion and query rate increases.

> 1.  Click `Create service`. When you have a service up and running, you can connect
>     to the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click `Create service`.
```

All the rest is covered in the next step.
